As expected of the frog in the well
See the outside world Zhong Shanhou
Seeing the king is not expensive, all officials bow down
Naturally people like you don't understand the meaning of it
Now Chen Bufan is about to have nothing
And it's all thanks to you
I don't think my husband is interested
Okay, it's been installed for so long, it's almost enough
Since this village woman tore up the promise
Then you hurry up and write a copy by hand
Although my husband doesn't care
But I can't write such a thing either
That's right, my young master would never write such a thing
Special wish
I don't understand.
What future can this disability offer you?
It's wise for you to submit to me
Chen Bufan is not only from the Chen family now
Even outsiders know
I am the best choice for the head of the Chen family
Why are you the perfect choice?
Give it
This is the dowry the Han family gave me
The equity owner of Aolong Group worth trillion said
This will not only increase the financial strength of our Chen family to a higher level
And at the same time prove that I am more powerful than this disability
It is also more suitable for the position of the head of the Chen family and the absolute location of Zhongshan
Are you convinced or not?
Aolong Group
That's a trillion-dollar conglomerate.
In terms of financial resources, you can enter the group
Just don't do it
Life in the face of hypocrisy
This little penny in our pockets
It's not on the table at all
Marriage with the lord of the Han family
It just makes a bigger behemoth.
The future of the South
Unimaginable
Are you trying to get in my husband's way?
Just one Australian Dragon Group is not enough
A trillion-dollar group as a dowry
There are not many people in this world, right?
Village wealth is village wealth
It's just a big talk
I thought thrice before acting
Why do you have to lie down in the Chen family's backwater?
Did I give my husband a more expensive dowry than Aolong Group?
You can shut up
Hahahaha
beyond measure
Not to mention Aolong Group
Even if I can come up with 10 million as a dowry
I can make this trash not sign the promise
Too bad you can't take it out
Where is the empress's dowry?
Lend me this
Be happy to rest assured
This is my dowry
City One
It's called Xuanwu.